[DOC] Create new documentation about index patterns (#5039)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/management/management-index.md

The following applications are available in Dashboards Management:

> - **[Index Patterns]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/management/index-patterns/):** To access OpenSearch data, you need to create an index pattern so that you can select the data you want to use and define the properties of the fields. The Index Pattern tool gives you capabilities to create an index pattern from within the user interface. Index patterns point to one or more indexes, data streams, or index aliases. 

Reviewer: NIT (and unrelated to these changes): IMO, it interesting the API for indexes is `indices` [[example]](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/api-reference/cat/cat-indices/), but when we talk about it we use indexes. But I don't see enough people complaining about it.

Reviewer 2: AWS, Microsoft, and Google all use "indexes" unless used in the context of a mathematical expression, so our style guide follows suit.

> - **[Index Patterns]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/management/index-patterns/):** To access OpenSearch data, you need to create an index pattern so that you can select the data you want to use and define the properties of the fields. The Index Pattern tool gives you capabilities to create an index pattern from within the user interface. Index patterns point to one or more indexes, data streams, or index aliases. 

Reviewer 3: "The Index Pattern tool" - I tend to refer to this part of the app as "Index Pattern Management". But I think @kgcreative may be the right person to weigh in on how we refer to it.

"so that you can select the data you want to use and define the properties of the fields." - I might say "To access OpenSearch data, you need to create index patterns, which define how data is retrieved and fields are formatted.

> - **[Index Patterns]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/management/index-patterns/):** To access OpenSearch data, you need to create an index pattern so that you can select the data you want to use and define the properties of the fields. The Index Pattern tool gives you capabilities to create an index pattern from within the user interface. Index patterns point to one or more indexes, data streams, or index aliases. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **[Index Patterns]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/management/index-patterns/):** To access OpenSearch data, you need to create an index pattern so that you can select the data you want to use and define the properties of the fields. The Index Pattern tool gives you the ability to create an index pattern from within the UI. Index patterns point to one or more indexes, data streams, or index aliases. 
```
